------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMENTS FROM THE AUTHORS:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

GRBL(tm) is free software distributed under the terms of the MIT License
reproduced below. GRBL may be used for any purpose, including commercial
purposes, at absolutely no cost. No paperwork, no royalties, no GNU-like
"copyleft" restrictions, either. Just download it and use it.

GRBL is certified open-source software. Its license is simple, liberal, and
compatible with GPL. GRBL is not in the public domain and its authors retain
its copyright.

The spirit of the GRBL license is that you are free to use GRBL for any
purpose at no cost without having to ask us. The only requirement is that if 
you use GRBL, then you should give us credit by including the copyright 
notice somewhere in your product documentation. A nice, but optional, way to 
give us further credit is to include a statement like "This product contains
source code from the GRBL CNC project" and link to our site in a web page for
your product.

GRBL is entirely designed, implemented, and maintained by the authors of Grbl 
and its altruistic contributors.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LICENSING INFORMATION BELOW:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The MIT License (MIT)

GRBL(tm) v0.8 - Embedded CNC g-code interpreter and motion-controller
Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Simen Svale Skogsrud
Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Sungeun K. Jeon
Copyright (c) 2011 Jens Geisler

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This software includes source code (eeprom.c) from:

Copyright (c) 2008, Atmel Corporation All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. The name of ATMEL may not be used to endorse or promote products derived 
   from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ATMEL "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE EXPRESSLY AND 
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ATMEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY
OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
